[UNR-5559] Fix: create snapshot folder at start of deployment, delete if empty for interop with squid snapshot endpoint (#3195)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed an issue that caused `UnrealGDK/Setup.sh` to report `sed: can't read : No such file or directory` when run on macOS.
- Static subobjects on bNetLoadOnClient actors are now removed on clients in a manner matching native unreal's behavior. This change affects subobjects removed by the server while the actor is not in the client's interest.
- Fixed an issue where multicast rpcs could be overwritten and then dropped on authority flicker.

> - Fixed issue using squid snapshot end point with a local deployment, using `localhost:5006/snapshot` works again and creates a snapshot.

Reviewer: Squid is not publicly known. Please just refer to as runtime.

Author: ok didn't know that.

> - Fixed issue using squid snapshot end point with a local deployment, using `localhost:5006/snapshot` works again and creates a snapshot.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed issue using the runtime snapshot endpoint with a local deployment, using `localhost:5006/snapshot` works again and creates a snapshot.
```
